Doc: HPC3 at UCI (#4010)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/install/hpc/hpc3.rst

For executables, you can reference their location in your :ref:`job script <running-cpp-hpc3>` or copy them to a location in ``$PSCRATCH``.

.. _building-hpc3-update:

Update WarpX & Dependencies
---------------------------

If you already installed WarpX in the past and want to update it, start by getting the latest source code:

.. code-block:: bash

   cd $HOME/src/warpx

   # read the output of this command - does it look ok?
   git status

   # get the latest WarpX source code
   git fetch
   git pull

   # read the output of these commands - do they look ok?
   git status
   git log # press q to exit

And, if needed,

- :ref:`update the hpc3_gpu_warpx.profile file <building-hpc3-preparation>`,
- log out and into the system, activate the now updated environment profile as usual,
- :ref:`execute the dependency install scripts <building-hpc3-preparation>`.

As a last step, clean the build directory ``rm -rf $HOME/src/warpx/build`` and rebuild WarpX.

.. _running-cpp-hpc3:

Running
-------

The batch script below can be used to run a WarpX simulation on multiple nodes (change ``-N`` accordingly) on the supercomputer HPC3 at UCI.

> This partition as up to `ABC nodes <https://rcic.uci.edu/hpc3/slurm.html#memmap>`__ with four V100 GPUs per node.

Author: @floresv299 let's complete this based on https://github.com/ECP-WarpX/WarpX/issues/3938#issuecomment-1597467944 and https://github.com/ECP-WarpX/WarpX/issues/3938#issuecomment-1597482555
```suggestion
This partition as up to `N nodes <https://rcic.uci.edu/hpc3/slurm.html#memmap>`__ with four V100 GPUs (.. GB each) per node.
```

Author: Ok, I count 32 notes in https://github.com/ECP-WarpX/WarpX/issues/3938#issuecomment-1597554390 with 16 GB each https://github.com/ECP-WarpX/WarpX/issues/3938#issuecomment-1597564390 :)
